one of the best approaches for selecting a new duty station. Um, would
be to understand the position of the detailer and to, uh, make sure
that the detailer knows what your preferences our preferences are.
Um, some of us have families. Some of us are single. Um, and the detailer,
um, understands that and knows that so one of the best approach
to me would be to make sure that you're communicating with your detailer
and communicating often. Um, sometimes you could be put in a
place where, um it may not be a great fit. However, the detailer, um,
we'll have a conversation with you. And although you may not think
it's a perfect fit, it may have to be ah fit for you at that time.
Um, making sure that you communicate with your detailer and communicate
often is one of the best approach is, uh, for choosing a new place.
Thio, do your job